---
title: "Genesis"
description: "A new beginning"
layout: post
tags: genesis
category: blog
---

I hereby officially launch my games development studio.

# FAQ

## Who are you?

It doesn't matter.

## Why the studio?

I like to make games, and this studio will give those games a home.

## Why "confident idiots"?

I read [this article](https://psmag.com/social-justice/confident-idiots-92793) ([pdf](/assets/confident-idiots.pdf)) a while ago, and it struck a chord with me.

*Digression:* I'm also a confident idiot! I can - with bags of confidence - sometimes proclaim the most absurd things. After some introspection I realised that as an engineer (who likes to use heuristics) I say these things a somewhat-educated approximation of the truth (which I do not know, mind you). See? I'm just trying to be helpful to the person on the receiving end. I've become much better at this, and just say *"I don't know"*.

Anyhoo - where was I... I read that article, and it struck a chord, but mostly I liked the phrase "confident idiots".

## What types of games can we expect?

I'm a passive-aggressive sod, and would much rather convey my distaste of something with an inner grunt than speak my mind.

I thought - hang on! - that's unhealthy, right?

I'll try my hand at **poking fun at annoying things** in my life (to make myself feel better) using the medium of games.

However, sometimes (or mostly) games might just be about a **simple concept**, or **showcase a piece of art or technology**.

As long as you have fun playing those games.
